1) event form upgrade
2) group tab on profile screen
3) invitation screen

4) event calendar explore (list out all of the group events, and you can join)
   special group (can rate inside for people or ideas - login into the group button is allowed) or you can create event only

bugs:
-----

1) CTreeTest.shouldGetMaxFlowWithIgnoredEdge is failing

Chat:
-----
1) testing notification and websocket also (for event generation also)
2) mqtt layer for nginx in go (authentication)

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

future:
-------
Bugs:
-----
1) progress bar coloring - material style has been changed -> should be bug fixed

Features:
---------
1) game kepernyo
    a) double_rate az 5. icon (filter on new, matched, met)
    b) add filter to 4. icon (filter on met or new)

cron job for random generator + chat (event) leave (disable friends only for the time being)

2) "group" variable of route should be different from "filter" variable

3) datumhoz hozza lehessen rendelni egy lokaciot, es az alapjan lehessen szurni esemenyekre es profilokra
   a lokacional beutunk egy varos nevet -> auto completeter, es egy tablaban taroljuk a koordinatait, amit a profilba mentunk

Bugs:

1) if nobody touches the chrome for awhile, the token will expire, and the /like call throws token expired errors
2) like is not getting saved leaving the game page, just when you return back

1) test notification on mobile, chrome browser can make port forward
2) spring subscribe to mqtt, mqtt allow ip (localhost - auth_by_ip module integrate into external_auth) and no token
3) subscribe all channels by wildchar, only locally allowed
4) spring server subscribe for all channels and save it to mongodb
5) check on desktop, how notification is being sent to laptop browser if any
6) mosquitto subscribe multiple topics in command line, check how it behaves
7) you need to scrap the shared link to show the real one, where you can attach affiliateID
when pass booking url in chat scrap the details (show the image of the room) and add affiliate id to the link.
8) does not call http, if no likes will be saved. (sync also)

1) Firebase token validation in go (username, password)
2a) if you open a chat room, than disable notification for that chat room
2b) if you close chat room send notification, don't use mqtt (close browser also - heartbeat)
2c) if main page open, the value of the notification should update the page
2d) if someone starts typing mqtt should send the message.
2e) messages sent, needs to be stored
2f) message read needs to be shown on the screen and stored (server should subscribe to all messages) - server should send a message back that the message has been received and stored - tick sign

bug:
client token expired => refresh (firebase)

jwt auth plugin in go and c does exist (check implementation)

car - autocompleter on model

mqtt
----

serviceWorker = true in angular json in dev section missing!!!

spring server:
2) bagde notification if the active page is diferrent than chat
3) scroll to bottom when new message arrives
----------------------
5) b) event / car -> car changed, then send notification for the event to the members of the event
6) => acl mqtt 4) => change mongo queries to make it without limit but passing an id in the where close.
7) while querying the messages to the chat window, make members anonymous, who left the chat before,
but message being sent by them remains. event.members have to have a updatedTime, so it can be compared.
 -> male or female should be different image and based on senderId a number should be added to defferentiate
 the anonymous user from each other. members.idx? picture image big number in the middle??
8) send notification and mqtt message if the currentProfile is not in the same group then the sender's profile.
9) message is being sent only to active event members
10) if the route has mqtt, the spring server shouldn't send push to mqtt. (message.type=mqtt + currentPage = topic to be sent)

mqtt
------
4) no acl for the time being -> acl sends url as topic param also (chat window url param) -> spring server verifies that url is for the profile.
(mongo query without limit, but with additional id param in the where close 
-> change the queries for the page accordinly with additional optional parameter.)
5) Popup notification, if you are inside chat window for different chat channel.

ui:
4) channel list screen and chat window ui
-----
6) when ui receives a message from spring server for the individual channel, it should know which item should update and how. (inside the list based on url or badges etc.)
(when someone reads the message sends a type=control action=read with message id.
the channel updates the item in the list on the current page based on the messageId
and clears the last message item position of the profile image about read)

angular cache:
1) ngsw json version change, index.html cache-contol no-cache should be set
2) Version your package.json file in your angular root folder
“version": “3.0.5"
3) Add output hashing every time you build your angular app.
4) ng build --outputHashing=all

(jovohet)
ssl:
1) dummy ssl for nginx on localhost -> check wss
2) certbot

(future)
spring:
1) upgrade to spring boot 3.2 (when it is released), and set spring to virtual threads (when it's released)
